[Music]
why you should buy health insurance now
a deep dive into ISC Lombard Elevate
plan in today's unpredictable World
Health Is wealth medical emergencies can
knock on your door anytime and
skyrocketing healthcare costs can
quickly drain your
savings that's why health insurance is
no longer optional it's essential and
ICC Lombard's Elevate plan might be the
perfect solution for you this feature
plan offers extensive benefits unlimited
customization options and add-ons to
tailor the coverage exactly to your
needs let's explore the plan in detail
and understand why it's time to act now
key features of the ICC Lombard Elevate
plan 1 surrogate andite donor cover this
plan stands out by offering coverage for
surrogate mother and ussite donor
expenses up to rupees 5
lakhs this unique feature ensures
comprehensive care for families planning
to grow through assisted methods two no
co-payment you won't have to pay a
single penny for hospitalization costs
up to the sum insured the insurer Bears
the entire cost which means zero
co-payment three pre and post
hospitalization coverage the plan covers
medical expenses 90 days before
hospitalization diagnostic tests
consultations medications 180 days after
discharge including follow-ups and
medications four daycare
treatments even minor procedures like
dialysis chemotherapy or surgeries
requiring less than 24 hours of
hospitalization are covered five
domiciliary
hospitalization if you need to be
hospitalized at home due to medical
conditions or unavailability of hospital
beds the plan covers these expenses
too six no disease sublimit unlike many
plans that cap coverage for specific
illnesses the Elevate plan ensures full
coverage up to the sum insured for all
listed diseases seven Unlimited
restoration benefit claim the entire sum
insured multiple times in a year for
unrelated
hospitalizations this feature ensures
your never left
underinsured eight bonus for staying
healthy enjoy a 20% increase in your sum
insured every year even after claims up
to
100% nine iuse treatments the plan
supports alternative medicine treatments
like ayurveda Homeopathy and unani up to
the sum insured 10 single private room
accommodation the policy covers private
room stays offering Comfort during
hospitalization add-ons to enhance
coverage one reduction in Waiting
periods pre-existing diseases cut down
the waiting period for pre-existing
conditions from 3 years to 24 or 12
months two maternity waiting period
reduce the maternity waiting period from
2 years to 1 year three specific illness
waiting period minimize the waiting
period for specific illnesses to just
one year four claim protector covers
consumables like gloves syringes and PPE
kits expenses often excluded from
regular
plans five power booster doubles your
base sum insured each year ensuring
comprehensive
coverage six maternity coverage covers
maternity expenses up to rupees one laks
or 10% of the sum insured seven personal
accident cover offers a lumpsum payout
of up to rupees 50 lakhs in case of
accidental death
eight room modifier upgrade your room
entitlement to any room or twin sharing
options nine compassionate visit pays
for an immediate family member's travel
expenses if hospitalization exceeds 5
days 10 durable equipment cover covers
medical equipment like ventilators
Wheelchairs and Prosthetics up to rupees
5 laks 11 nursing at home provides
financial support for atome nursing
Services post hospitalization for up to
15 days 12 critical illness cover lump
sum payout upon diagnosis of listed
critical illnesses like cancer heart
attack
Etc 13 inflation protector automatically
increases your sum insured every year to
match inflation rates 14 annual Health
checkup offers free yearly Health
checkups at Network hospitals how
premiums are calculated the premium for
the Elevate plan depends on several
factors age higher premiums for older
individuals location zonal price in
applies Metro cities may have higher
premiums health history pre-existing
conditions can influence the premium
lifestyle habits smoking or drinking
habits may increase premiums discounts
and offers 2-year policy pay Upfront for
2 years and get a 7.5% discount on the
second
year three-year policy save 10% on the
third Year's premium with a three-year
advanc payment how to file a claim
emergency hospitalization inform IC
Lombard within 24 hours of admission
email the details to customer support at
IAL
lombard.org hospitals by submitting a
pre-authorization form reimbursement
claims submit the claim form hospital
bills and medical records to is Lombard
within 30 days of discharge why act now
Rising medical costs Healthcare
inflation in India is growing at nearly
12% annually protect yourself from
unexpected expenses pre-existing
conditions the sooner you buy the faster
your waiting periods get over pandemic
lessons covid-19 taught us that medical
emergencies can occur without warning
final thoughts the isuki Lumbard Elevate
plan is an all-in-one solution offering
robust features and
customization from unlimited restoration
benefits to surrogate cover and critical
illness payouts this plan leaves no
stone unturned in providing top tier
Health protection pair it with add-ons
to craft a policy tailored to your
lifestyle and medical needs don't wait
invest in your health today your future
self will thank you